[docs] Added `NodeGroupConfiguration` examples for certificates (#9274)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-node-manager/docs/FAQ.md

## How to deploy custom containerd configuration?

{% endraw %}
{% alert level="info" %}

> The above `NodeGroupConfiguration` uses the functionality embedded in the script [032_configure_containerd.sh](./#features-of-writing-scripts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example of `NodeGroupConfiguration` uses functions of the script [032_configure_containerd.sh](./#features-of-writing-scripts).
```

{% endalert %}

{% alert level="danger" %}

> Adding custom settings causes a restart of the `containerd` service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding custom settings causes a restart of the `containerd` service.
```

    # limitations under the License.
    
    REGISTRY_URL=private.registry.example

    mkdir -p /etc/containerd/conf.d
    bb-sync-file /etc/containerd/conf.d/additional_registry.toml - << EOF
    [plugins]
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"]
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry]
          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors]
            [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors."docker.io"]
              endpoint = ["https://registry-1.docker.io"]
            [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors."${REGISTRY_URL}"]
              endpoint = ["https://${REGISTRY_URL}"]
          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.configs]
            [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.configs."${REGISTRY_URL}".auth]
              auth = "AAAABBBCCCDDD=="
    EOF
  nodeGroups:
    - "*"
  weight: 31
```

### How to configure a certificate for an additional registry?

{% endraw %}
{% alert level="info" %}
In addition to containerd, the certificate can be [simultaneously added](examples.html#configuring-a-registry-certificate-in-containerd) into the OS.
{% endalert %}
{% raw %}

> Deploy the `NodeGroupConfiguration` script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of the `NodeGroupConfiguration` resource to configure a certificate for an additional registry:
```
